So there is a much better way to do it instead of year six we can just make a variable called Left in
and set in in order to make us all we do is type in new and then it's OK now that we have that if we
want to add something to our set we can just do set and then access a method called ADD and that will
allow us to add something to our search.
So in this case we could add a string 5 like so.
And then if we wanted to afterwards we get a number five like so now sets do not coerce values to determine
if they're the same.
So these actually both count as two individual items.
And if you want to check the size of your set or how many items are inside of it you can do the council
log and then set size.
And then after that you're going to see it too.
So these both are counting as two unique items.
You could also do this with Chiuso Konst key one equals an object that will do key to another object.
And then we can add these on as well so when you said add and then he won and then set and key to like
before.
Whoops.
And then we can just cancel the log that says size again.
So in this case we'll go in concert or log it and you can see it goes to four.
Once again it's not coercing these objects into strings.
Remember if these were coerced into strings they would look something like this and then they would
be considered the same or duplicate.
But because they're not being coerced they both count as individual items and therefore they are added
to the set and so on and not counted as duplicates.
Speaking of duplicate if you did for example add a duplicate like set add and then 5 or something like
that.
It's going to be ignored.
This is what's going to happen.
So this is considered a duplicate and duplicates are ignored.
And like I said before you can't have a duplicate inside of a set because you're checking for the existence
of a value.
You're not really trying to pull out information.
So a couple of things to keep in mind none of the data types are going to be coerced to decide if there
is the same there will remain as they are meaning that you can use numbers and even objects as keys.
And aside from that remember you can't put duplicates inside of a set.
The first five will be put into the set and this second string five right here will be completely ignored.